it was another busy week for Lee guns
international stars Brazilian
international Lucas open this going for
PhD in the clasico against Marseille
that the gold did eventually go down as
an own goal for cameroonian centre-back
Nicolas n'koulou meanwhile former
England captain David Beckham made his
debut at Parc de pants with his wife
Victoria perhaps nostalgic for the more
temperate climate of Los Angeles Leah
guns two Englishmen beckham and Joe
Vardon saluting each other here and
Beckham was then involved in PSG's
second goal clicking through to Jeremy
Munez who squared for Sweden Zlatan
Ibrahimovic to me home his 22nd goal of
the season
the Brazilian brand outputs Santa am one
hell of a way to Nancy with his seventh
goal of the season Santa TN have yet to
lose a game when he started this season
and his Gabonese strike partner
pierre-emerick aubameyang doubled Santa
Jen's lead with a neat finish just
before half-time Obama young who is now
Lee guns at second leading goalscorer
then out of his 14th of the season two
minutes from time sweeping cooler master
Damian Craig arena ran managed to rescue
a points at home to inform so show
thanks to their Cameroonian midfielder
jean de McCune the former lil man firing
home after a goalmouth scramble to make
it to all at the stud to write nieces
the Argentinian centre-back Renato she
belly and his fourth goal of the season
as he headed home against routes to nail
the final score three kneel down at home
to lil a jack so rallied in the final 15
minutes thanks to a goal from their
Moroccan international Sharbel daswani
who made it 3-1 with this terrific
finish
another Moroccan international units
Belhanda scored the only goal of the
game between Evian and Montpelier to
secure three points for the champions
in the earlier gam between Ren and so
show the hosts equalized through
john-boy in the 34th minute the gun and
rising to head home his very first Lee
gun goal